# April 24th 2026

Officially our last day to work on the project before the Online Open Championship Qualifier, we are proud to say we have a working robot now!!! (at least for the open challenge that is....) It's actually a little bit sad because had the components we bought had arrived on time we would have at least attempted to program a camera for the SEAL. Even though we faced challenges during our 5 day journey, we are really satisfied with the prototype we were able to develop in such short time. Lastly, we also assembled our field today, which is honestly not great, we printed our own field which we then taped together to build a frankenfield, yes. It's not that bad, but it's really bumpy which is not ideal for our IMU, anyhow, we are close to getting our own official field, which we will use for the Obstacle Challenge and testing later on during the season. Thanks for reading our short blog !!!

## What we did today

- Mechanical Systems
  - It might seem like a small change, but increasing the diameter of our rear wheels makes our robot go way faster, which is crucial for the open challenge. 

- Electronic Systems
  - Today was a loaded day, we solved our h bridge isues after A LOT of trial and error, turns out it was a coding isue.
  - Finished our electronic work for the rest of the challenge, ended up being kind of well organized.
  - Connected our h bridge and ESP Shield to our single cell 1000mAh lipo battery through the lipo rider plus.

- Coding and Tuning
  - We have dedicated most of the day to tuning our PIDS and ideas sensor distances.
  - Added a "slow turn" that lowers the speed of our robot while adjusting for the 90° rotation.
